eavesdropped ciphertext:
e'c x uiaezf xb viuxf vgxlir geyg ea uxa nfxaveuvz'u uhaaq ceuueza
weubfevb, xaw bgxb cxjiu ci zai zn bgi czub uhfliekkiw mizmki ea bgi
ozfkw. cq axci eu cxfvhu qxkkzo, shb sxvj ogia bgeu ubzfq ubxfbu, e oxu
yzeay sq o1a5b0a. mfzazhaviw "oeaubza."

*azb* mfzazhaviw "wzhski-qzh-zai-iaa-neli-bii-rifz-iaa" -- hakiuu
qzh'fi x vkhikiuu weuvemkeaxfq znnevif ogz'u nxf iazhyg sigeaw bgi
vhfli bgxb qzh ubekk vxkk bgi eabifaib "bgi eanzfcxbeza uhmifgeygoxq."

e jazo thub uhvg x vkhikiuu mifuza, xaw geu axci eu nfiw siauza, zai zn
bgfii levi-mfeavemxku xb viuxf vgxlir. gi'u x uhvjeay vgiub ozhaw zn x
ghcxa sieay. shb en qzh'fi yzeay bz gxli x txekif, sibbif x vkhikiuu
zai bgxa zai ogz'u fixkkq za bgi sxkk.

"cxfvhu qxkkzo," gi uxew zlif bgi mx zai nfewxq czfaeay. bgi mx eua'b
lifq yzzw bz siyea oebg, xaw ogia qzh vzcseai bgxb oebg siauza'u
gxsebhxk chcski, qzh yib uzcibgeay bgxb uzhawu czfi keji uzcizai
ubfhyykeay bz weyiub x sxw shffebz bgxa x uvgzzk xaazhaviciab. shb
ghcxa sieayu xfi yzzw xb mevjeay bgief axciu zhb zn xhwez vzanhueza --
eb'u x uhflelxk bfxeb.

e yfxssiw cq sxy xaw nzkwiw cq kxmbzm bgfii-dhxfbifu ughb -- e wewa'b
oxab bz skzo cq wzoakzxwu -- xaw yzb fixwq nzf bgi eailebxski.

"fimzfb bz bgi xwceaeubfxbeza znnevi ecciwexbikq."

cq uzvexk ubhweiu bixvgif, cu yxklir, fzkkiw gif iqiu xb ci xaw e
fzkkiw cq iqiu sxvj xb gif. bgi cxa oxu xkoxqu vzceay wzoa za ci, thub
sivxhui e yz bgfzhyg uvgzzk nefioxkku keji oib jkiiaip, umzzn bgi
yxeb-fivzyaebeza uznboxfi, xaw ahji bgi uaebvg vgemu bgiq bfxvj hu
oebg. yxklir eu x yzzw bqmi, xaqoxq, ailif gzkwu bgxb xyxeaub ci
(iumivexkkq ogia e'c gikmeay yib oebg gif oiscxek uz ugi vxa bxkj bz
gif sfzbgif ogz'u ubxbezaiw ea efxd).

cq szq wxffqk yxli ci x ucxvj za bgi xuu xu e oxkjiw mxub. e'li jazoa
wxffqk ueavi oi oifi ubekk ea wexmifu xaw iuvxmeay nfzc mkxq-uvgzzk,
xaw e'li siia yibbeay gec eabz xaw zhb zn bfzhski bgi ogzki beci. e
fxeuiw cq xfcu zlif cq gixw keji x mferineygbif xaw cxwi cq ipeb nfzc
uzvexk ubhweiu xaw siyxa bgi mifm-oxkj bz bgi znnevi.

e oxu gxknoxq bgifi ogia cq mgzai oiab. bgxb oxu xazbgif az-az --
mgzaiu xfi chq mfzgesewz xb vgxlir geyg -- shb ogq ugzhkw bgxb ubzm ci?
e whvjiw eabz bgi bzekib xaw ughb cquikn ea bgi cewwki ubxkk (bgi
nhfbgiub ubxkk eu xkoxqu yfzuuiub sivxhui uz cxaq mizmki gixw ubfxeygb
nzf eb, gzmeay bz iuvxmi bgi ucikk xaw bgi udhevj -- bgi ucxfb czaiq
xaw yzzw gqyeiai eu wzoa bgi cewwki). e vgivjiw bgi mgzai -- cq gzci mv
gxw uiab eb xa icxek bz bikk eb bgxb bgifi oxu uzcibgeay aio hm za
gxfxthjh nha cxwaiuu, ogevg gxmmiau bz si bgi siub yxci ilif ealiabiw.

e yfeaaiw. umiaweay nfewxqu xb uvgzzk oxu big uhvj xaqoxq, xaw e oxu
ykxw zn bgi ipvhui bz cxji cq iuvxmi.

e xcskiw bgi fiub zn bgi oxq bz siauza'u znnevi xaw bzuuiw gec x oxli
xu e uxekiw bgfzhyg bgi wzzf.

"en eb eua'b wzhski-qzh-zai-iaa-neli-bii-rifz-iaa," gi uxew. nfiwfevj
siauza -- uzvexk uivhfebq ahcsif 545-03-2343, wxbi zn sefbg xhyhub 15
1962, czbgif'u cxewia axci we szax, gzcibzoa mibxkhcx -- eu x kzb
bxkkif bgxa ci. e'c x fhabq 5'8", ogeki gi ubxawu 6'7", xaw geu vzkkiyi
sxujibsxkk wxqu xfi nxf iazhyg sigeaw gec bgxb geu vgiub chuvkiu gxli
bhfaiw eabz uxyyq cxa-szzsu bgxb oifi mxeanhkkq zslezhu bgfzhyg geu
nfiisei wzb-vzc mzkz-ugefbu. gi xkoxqu kzzju keji gi'u xszhb bz
ukxc-whaj qzhf xuu, xaw gi'u fixkkq eabz fxeueay geu lzevi nzf wfxcxbev
innivb. szbg bgiui ubxfb bz kzui bgief innevxvq oebg fimixbiw
xmmkevxbeza.

"uzffq, azmi," e uxew. "e ailif gixfw zn bgeu f2w2 vgxfxvbif zn qzhfu."

"o1a5b0a," gi uxew, umikkeay eb zhb xyxea. gi yxli ci x gxefq iqisxkk
xaw oxebiw nzf ci bz oekb. zn vzhfui eb oxu cq gxawki, xaw gxw siia nzf
qixfu. eb oxu bgi ewiabebq e huiw ogia e oxu mzubeay za ciuuxyi-szxfwu
ogifi e oxu cxjeay cq vzabfeshbezau bz bgi neikw zn xmmkeiw uivhfebq
fiuixfvg. qzh jazo, keji uaixjeay zhb zn uvgzzk xaw weuxskeay bgi
ceawif-bfxvif za cq mgzai. shb gi wewa'b jazo bgxb bgeu oxu cq gxawki.
zakq x ucxkk ahcsif zn mizmki wew, xaw e bfhubiw bgic xkk bz bgi iaw zn
bgi ixfbg.

"hc, azb feayeay xaq sikku," e uxew. e'w wzai uzci mfibbq vzzk ubhnn
xfzhaw uvgzzk hueay bgxb gxawki -- e oxu lifq mfzhw zn cq ozfj za
uaebvg-bxy jekkifu -- xaw en gi vzhkw keaj bgi boz ewiabebeiu, e'w si
ea bfzhski. az zai xb uvgzzk ilif vxkkiw ci o1a5b0a zf ilia oeaubza.
azb ilia cq mxku. eb oxu cxfvhu zf azbgeay.

siauza uibbkiw wzoa sigeaw geu wiuj xaw bxmmiw geu vkxuu-feay aiflzhukq
za geu skzbbif. gi wew bgeu ogiailif bgeayu ubxfbiw bz yz sxw nzf gec.
mzjif mkxqifu vxkk ubhnn keji bgeu x "bikk" -- uzcibgeay bgxb kib qzh
jazo ogxb oxu yzeay za ea bgi zbgif yhq'u gixw. e jaio siauza'u bikku
sxvjoxfwu xaw nzfoxfwu.

"cxfvhu, e gzmi qzh fixkeri gzo uifezhu bgeu eu."

"e oekk thub xu uzza xu qzh ipmkxea ogxb bgeu eu, uef." e xkoxqu uxq
"uef" bz xhbgzfebq neyhfiu ogia e'c ciuueay oebg bgic. eb'u cq zoa
bikk.

gi ugzzj geu gixw xb ci xaw kzzjiw wzoa, xazbgif bikk. xaq uivzaw azo,
gi oxu yzeay bz ubxfb ugzhbeay xb ci. "keubia, jewwz! eb'u beci qzh
vxci bz yfemu oebg bgi nxvb bgxb oi jazo xszhb ogxb qzh'li siia wzeay,
xaw bgxb oi'fi azb yzeay bz si kiaeiab xszhb eb. qzh'fi yzeay bz si
khvjq en qzh'fi azb ipmikkiw sinzfi bgeu ciibeay eu bgfzhyg. wz qzh
oxab bz yfxwhxbi?"

challenge:
nky_xzolyqrnxsvxddaek3mypqd=